### The license agreement

This software license agreement (hereinafter referred to as \"the
agreement\") is a legally binding agreement between you and Beijing
Chaitin Technology Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as \"Chaitin\"),
which governs your installation and use of the Leichi Community Edition
software (hereinafter referred to as \"Leichi\") released by Chaitin.
**Please read the following terms carefully before using this software,
especially the terms disclaiming or limiting liability. Installing and
using this software indicates your agreement and acceptance of the terms
of this agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement,
you should immediately uninstall and stop using Leichi.**

**\[Validity of the Agreement\]** This Agreement will remain in effect
until you uninstall and delete all copies of the Leichi Community
Edition software you downloaded or controlled.

**\[Modification and update of the agreement\]** Chaitin will update
this agreement from time to time, and the updated content will become an
integral part of this agreement once it is officially released.
**Continuing to use Leichi after the updated content is released means
that you agree to the new terms; if you do not agree to the new terms,
you should uninstall and stop using Leichi.**

**\[Translation of Terms\]** If Chaitin provides you with a translation
of the English version of these Terms, you agree that the translation is
only for your convenience, and the English version of these Terms will
also govern your relationship with Chaitin. If there is any conflict
between the Chinese version and the English version of these Terms, the
Chinese version shall prevail.

**\[Permission Scope\]**

1. Subject to the terms of this agreement, you have the right to
   install and run this software on a single device.

2. Leichi Community Edition software is licensed to you, not sold to you.
   During the term of this Agreement and on the premise that you comply
   with this Agreement, Chaitin grants you a non-exclusive,
   non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, revocable license.

**\[Intellectual Property Statement\]** The copyright, trademark and
other intellectual property rights of all codes, images and files of
this software belong to Beijing Chaitin Technology Co., Ltd.

**\[Prohibited Behavior\]** You may not, nor may you prompt, assist or
authorize others to perform the following actions on this software:

1. Crack, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, convert to other
   programming languages, etc. in an attempt to obtain the source code of
   the software or the inherent data files generated by the software;

2. Repackage, modify, adapt, copy, translate, sublicense or create
   derivative works;

3. Rent, sell, sublicense, distribute, disseminate, directly share,
   commercialize, and transfer this software;

4. Solve or bypass any technical limitations in the software;

5. Modify or delete the copyright statement, trademark or other
   intellectual property statement regarding this software on the software;

6. Provide commercial cloud services or network services based on this
   software and the main technical capability output;

7. Make any representation or warranty regarding the Software;

8. Combine this software with content or behavior that infringes on the
   intellectual property rights of others or violates laws and regulations.
   For example: (1) Use this software to publish, transmit, disseminate,
   and store content that violates national laws, endangers national
   security, social stability, public order and good morals, or any
   inappropriate, insulting, defamatory, obscene, violent, or anything that
   violates national laws and regulations The content of the policy; (2)
   Illegal use of this software, including but not limited to infringement,
   misappropriation or other infringement of any legal rights of any third
   party.

**\[Disclaimer\]**

**This software is provided according to the status quo that the
existing technology and conditions can achieve. Chaitin does not provide
any form of guarantee,** including but not limited to:

1. Chaitin does not assume any responsibility for any direct, indirect,
   incidental, special or significant damages, loss of profits or business
   interruption caused by the use or inability to use this software, even
   if Chaitin has been informed of the relevant damages;

2. Chaitin has no obligation or responsibility to organize a
   communication community for this software, and does not assume any
   economic losses or related responsibilities arising from the failure of
   any party due to technical exchanges;

3. Chaitin does not make any form of guarantee regarding the
   fault-freeness, applicability, availability, accuracy, quality
   satisfaction, etc. of this software;

4. Chaitin does not guarantee that the software can meet your
   requirements, nor does it guarantee that its operation will be
   uninterrupted or error-free, or that defects will be corrected;

5. Any information or suggestions provided by Chaitin does not
   constitute any guarantee for this software;

6. Chaitin does not assume any responsibility if the user violates
   national laws and regulations by using this software.

**\[Acquisition of software\]** You can obtain this software directly
from Chaitin's official certified channels. If you obtain this software
or an installation program with the same name as this software from a
third party that is not officially certified by Chaitin, Chaitin cannot
guarantee that the software can be used normally and is not responsible
for any losses caused to you.

**\[Software Updates\]** In order to improve the user experience and
enhance the functions and performance of the Leichi Community Edition
software, Chaitin will continue to work hard to develop new features and
provide you with software updates from time to time. After a new version
is released, older versions of the software may become unusable. Chaitin
does not guarantee the stability and usability of the old version of the
Leichi Community Edition software. Please check and download the latest
version at any time.

**\[Information Collection\]** During the installation and use of this
software, Chaitin will collect some data and information, such as the
version of the software, language, IP address, etc., but Chaitin will
not collect personal identity information, personal biometric
information, etc. that are sufficient to identify To obtain the
information of specific natural persons, Chaitin will only use the
collected information to confirm the version of Leichi you are using and
the frequency of use of the Leichi function section, so as to improve
and optimize the software functions.

**\[Data Security Guarantee\]** Chaitin will not collect, transmit, or
store specific data in its installation carrier during use. You are
responsible for the security and backup of your data. You understand and
agree that Chaitin cannot provide services such as retrieval of lost
data.

**\[Rights reserved\]** The copyright of this software belongs to
Chaitin. Except as expressly authorized by this agreement, all other
rights are reserved by Chaitin. Without express authorization from
Chaitin, you may not exercise other rights not expressly authorized by
this Agreement. If the use exceeds the authorized use, Chaitin reserves
the right to pursue legal liability.

**\[Scope of Liability\]** To the maximum extent permitted by law, under
no circumstances shall Chaitin be liable for any direct, incidental,
special, indirect or consequential losses or loss of profits, loss of
data, loss of goodwill, business interruption or any other form of loss,
and is not responsible for other damages or losses arising out of or
related to your use of or inability to use the Leichi Community Edition
software.

**\[Law Application and Dispute Resolution\]** This agreement shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the mainland of
the People\'s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan).
Any disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall
be resolved first through negotiation. If the negotiation fails, either
party may submit the dispute to the People\'s Court where Chaitin is
located for settlement through litigation.

**\[Terms can be severed\]** If any term of this agreement is deemed to
be invalid or unenforceable, the above terms can be severed and the
remaining parts will still have legal effect.

**\[Professional Edition\]** The rights of the Leichi
commercial/enterprise version (non-community version) are subject to
separate terms.
